(DOCS-14528) Add note about null value limitation (#37563)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_collection/_index.md

You can send logs to Datadog platform over HTTP. Refer to the [Datadog Log HTTP API documentation][15] to get started.

<div class="alert alert-info">

> The HTTPS API supports logs of sizes up to 1MB. However, for optimal performance, it is recommended that an individual log be no greater than 25K bytes. If you use the Datadog Agent for logging, it is configured to split a log at 900kB (900000 bytes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTPS API supports logs of sizes up to 1MB. However, for optimal performance, Datadog recommends that an individual log be no greater than 25 KB (25,000 bytes). If you use the Datadog Agent for logging, it is configured to split a log at 900 KB (900,000 bytes).
```
Does this make more sense as kilobytes?

Author: Definitely - thanks for the catch and commit here!
